entropy based decision trees, ensemble methods, particle filters, Bayes nets, 
            <br><br>



Experienced developing a variety of AI/ML models from scratch, including
            neural networks (backpropagation and gradient descent too!), softmax regression, PCA, 
            simulated annealing, A* search, Kalman filters, and more. Made heavy use of linear algebra/numpy.
            For a more detailed list, check out my projects below.
            <br><br>
            Exposure to reinforcement learning in both the tabular and deep learning settings.
            Familiar with DQN and SARSA varieties, policy gradients, off policy importance sampling, etc.
            Primarily used OpenAI Gym.


Comments:
# python
// lots of languages
/* other languages, especially multi line */
<!-- This is a comment in HTML -->

Personal Logo ideas:
TensorFlow
Keras style -- "D" inside an app icon, followed by "awson"

projects

Featured
Amino Amigo
LexChat -- include a link

ML
Rotobrush clone -- big with lots of pics. Link and talk about outdated research paper and say "what a time to be alive"
Panorama stitching
CMSC 422 and 421 -- 
    - 422 -- implementations of various core ML algorithms (more info needed)
    - 421 -- AI and search stuff (more info needed)
        - Kalman filters and particle filters for racing a car around a simulated track -- big with lots of pics

- racecar from kalman and particle filters
sgd graphs
3d graphs

Other
CMSC 330 -- 
    - Microcaml -- lexer, parser, interpreter from CFG, 
    - Regex engine -- 
CMSC 411 -- 
    - branch predictors
    - tomasulo's algorithm
    - cache coherency protocols
And More -- 
     - MATH 401 -- implementations of Fast Fourier Transform, other matrix operations, etc (more info needed)
     - CMSC 132 -- all the datastructures and algorithms, multithreading, etc in Java (more info needed)
     - CMSC 320 -- data analysis projects (more info needed)?
     - route tracker
     - Video sharing







iOS
Threes clone
Budget tracker
Watchlist

ML
GMMs for object segmentation -- big with lots of pics
Guess the Elo -- big with lots of pics

Other
CMSC 216 -- C projects, makefiles, etc (more info needed?)






uncomment works cited?

